acid_rainbows.dat
C:Acid
dash_strip4.png
A:Acid/dash dash.dat
dash_strip4L.png
AL:Acid/dash
dashstart_strip2.png
A:Acid/dashStart dashstart.dat
dashstart_strip2L.png
AL:Acid/dashStart
dashstop_strip2.png
A:Acid/dashStop dashStop.dat
dashstop_strip2L.png
AL:Acid/dashStop
dashturn_strip3.png
A:Acid/dashTurn dashTurn.dat
dashturn_strip3L.png
AL:Acid/dashTurn
idle_strip4.png
A:Acid/idle idle.dat
idle_strip4L.png
AL:Acid/idle
jumpstart.png
A:Acid/jumpsquat jumpsquat.dat
jumpstartL.png
AL:Acid/jumpsquat
walk_strip6.png
A:Acid/walk walk.dat
walk_strip6L.png
AL:Acid/walk
air_idle.png 
A:Acid/airIdle airIdle.dat
air_idleL.png
AL:Acid/airIdle
jump_strip5.png
A:Acid/jump jump.dat
jump_strip5L.png
AL:Acid/jump
land_strip2.png
A:Acid/land land.dat
land_strip2L.png
AL:Acid/land
nair_strip6.png
A:Acid/nair nair.dat
nair_strip6L.png
AL:Acid/nair
uair_strip8.png
A:Acid/uair uair.dat
uair_strip8L.png
AL:Acid/uair
hurt.png
A:Acid/hurt hurt.dat
hurtL.png
AL:Acid/hurt
bighurt.png
A:Acid/hurtheavy hurtheavy.dat
bighurtL.png
AL:Acid/hurtheavy
hurtground.png
A:Acid/hurtground hurtground.dat
hurtgroundL.png
AL:Acid/hurtground
fair_strip10.png
A:Acid/fair fair.dat
fair_strip10L.png
AL:Acid/fair
uphurt.png
A:Acid/hurtup hurtup.dat
spinhurt_strip4.png
A:Acid/tumble tumble.dat
spinhurt_strip4L.png
AL:Acid/tumble
downhurt.png
A:Acid/hurtdown hurtdown.dat
downhurtL.png
AL:Acid/hurtdown
bouncehurt.png
A:Acid/hurtbounce hurtbounce.dat
bouncehurtL.png
AL:Acid/hurtbounce
dair_strip14.png
A:Acid/dair dair.dat
utilt_3_strip8.png
A:Acid/utilt utilt.dat
utilt_3_strip8L.png
AL:Acid/utilt
jab_strip19.png
A:Acid/jab jab.dat
jab_strip19L.png
AL:Acid/jab
stage_plat_main.png
A:_Snowdin/platform platform.dat
stage_bg.png
A:_Snowdin/background 1
